MOB-78 Updated iOS docs (#128)
codesandbox/docs: packages/projects-docs/pages/learn/repositories/editors.mdx

For questions and support, please use the community [Discord server](https://discord.gg/R32XxEGp4s).
    </WrapContent>
     <WrapContent>
The iOS Editor contains a set of features to increase the accessibility of complex tools like git, setup, review flows, contributions, and visualizing components. 

Here is an overview of the iOS editor structure:

### Header

![The iOS editor](/ios-navigation.png)

The header is where you perform general operations on your Repositories.

**1. Navigation**
    - **Back**: Tap to return to Dashboard.
    - **Branch**: Tap to rename the current branch, switch branch or create new branch.

**2. Connections**

>     - **Avatars**: See who's currently online and tap to follow their actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Avatars**: See who's currently online and click on their icon to follow their actions.
```

Author: 👍 I will change clicking for tapping.
